# Emerging-Sys-Arch-Tech
Projects from CS-350 class

## Milestone Two Project:
  The objective of this project was to control the red LEDs on the CCS3200S_LAUNCHXL board from Texas Instruments. The project required the use of UART in order to read the characters. The project also required the creation and use of a state machine in order to turn the LEDs on and off. I struggled a lot with the assignments in this class and do not fell that I did anything particularly well. Improvement could have been made if more documentation for Mac users was available. Also, the TI documentation was a bit confusing as well. It often had steps that veered from one documentation to another which was difficult to keep up with. As always, the internet was somewhat helpful. It was difficult to find relatable documentation or example code to assist in the issues I came across. Learning how to create and utilize a state machine is probably the most transferable skill learned in this project. The project was not well maintainable or adaptable. Making it readable was done by using straightforward function naming and commenting throughout the assignment.
  
 ## Final Project
  The objective of this project was to create a prototype for a smart thermostat. This was due to the rise in the smart thermostat market. I believe that I did this project the best. I created useful, well named functions to handle tasks, the timer, state and variable changes, and turn on and off the LEDS. I also chose to use nested do-while loops in order to check, adjust, and/or update different elements of thermostat within the time specifications. I could improve in execution of compiling and debugging the code. My support network was increased by finding a study group for the class where we helped each other work through errors we came across. Transferable skills from this project were the use of functions inside of other functions and the use of nested do-while loops. Again, this project was not well maintainable or adaptable. By using straightforward function naming and commenting throughout the assignment made it readable. 
